docs/team/99percentile.adoc, before:

= Lee Yu Cong - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== PROJECT: CLInic

== Introduction
Hello, I am Yu Cong. I am currently studying Computer Science as my major in School of Computing, National University of Singapore.
I formed a team with 4 other students to create CLInic for the CS2103T module (Introduction to Software Engineering)
as part of my university education.

// write clearly this is to showcase contributions
This project portfolio serves to document my contributions to this project. You can see my contributions to
the <<Summary of Contributions, code contribution>>, the <<Contributions to the User Guide, user guide>> and the <<Contributions to the Developer Guide, developer guide>> below.

CLInic is a desktop application made for clinics who wish to automate their daily operations.
CLI in CLInic is an acronym for Command Line Interface, which is the primary method to use the application.
Unlike traditional address books, the doctor or clinic receptionist can easily `add`, `edit` or `find` the information of
patient or medicine by entering one simple line in the command box.

// list of main features
Example of the main features includes:

. Efficient management of patient and medicine information.
. Realistic model of a clinic's daily operation and commands to manipulate data.
. Customised receipts, medical certificates and referral letters for different clinics.

== Summary of Contributions
//preface to this section to inform reader purpose of this section
In this section, you can find the major and minor enhancement that I created for CLInic,
as well as my contributions to the project.

* *Major enhancement*: Implementation of *medical records* in CLInic.
** What it does: The clinic can automate the tracking of medical stocks.
** Justification: The medical stocks are tracked and there are useful commands that can organise or find the information of a medicine.
With this, you do not have to manually keep track of the change in stocks every time a medicine is dispensed.
** Highlights: With the `checkstock` command, you can easily list out all medical stocks that are low in stock in just 2 seconds!

* *Minor enhancement*:
** Rephrasing of command output to make it more user friendly.
** Writing of basic commands for medicine.

* *Other contributions*:
** Wrote the utilities for test cases for other team members to build their tests.
** Proof-read all code to adhere to standard Java writing style.
** Advised my team to apply knowledge learned in lecture where necessary.
** Reviewed pull requests : https://github.com[#27], https://github.com[#31], https://github.com[#107]
** Created the trailer for our project release.

== Contributions to the User Guide

|===
|_Given below are the sections that I have contributed to the User Guide. They showcase my ability to write documentation targeting end-users._
|===

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=addmedicine]

== Contributions to the Developer Guide

|===
|_Given below are the sections that I have contributed to the Developer Guide. They showcase my ability to write technical documentation and the technical depth of my contributions to the project._
|===

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=medicine]

Commit message:

Update addmedicinecommand of user guide

docs/team/99percentile.adoc, after:

= Lee Yu Cong - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== PROJECT: CLInic

== Introduction
Hello, I am Yu Cong. I am currently studying Computer Science as my major in School of Computing, National University of Singapore.
I formed a team with 4 other students to create CLInic for the CS2103T module (Introduction to Software Engineering)
as part of my university education.

// write clearly this is to showcase contributions
This project portfolio serves to document my contributions to this project. You can see my contributions to
the <<Summary of Contributions, project>>, the <<Contributions to the User Guide, user guide>> and the <<Contributions to the Developer Guide, developer guide>> below.

CLInic is a desktop application made for clinics who wish to automate their daily operations.
CLI in CLInic is an acronym for Command Line Interface, which is the primary method to use the application.
Unlike traditional address books, the doctor or clinic receptionist can easily `add`, `edit` or `find` the information of
patient or medicine by entering one simple line in the command box.

// list of main features
Example of the main features includes:

. Efficient management of patient and medicine information.
. Realistic model of a clinic's daily operation and commands to manipulate data.
. Customised receipts, medical certificates and referral letters for different clinics.

== Summary of Contributions
//preface to this section to inform reader purpose of this section
In this section, you can find the major and minor enhancement that I created for CLInic,
as well as my contributions to the project.

* *Major enhancement*: Implementation of *medical records* in CLInic.
** What it does: The clinic can automate the tracking of medical stocks.
** Justification: The medical stocks are tracked and there are useful commands that can organise or find the information of a medicine.
With this, you do not have to manually keep track of the change in stocks every time a medicine is dispensed.
** Highlights: With the `checkstock` command, you can easily list out all medical stocks that are low in stock in just 2 seconds!

* *Minor enhancement*:
** Rephrasing of command output to make it more user friendly.
** Writing of basic commands for medicine.

* *Other contributions*:
** Wrote the utilities for test cases for other team members to build their tests.
** Proof-read all code to adhere to standard Java writing style.
** Advised my team to apply knowledge learned in lecture where necessary.
** Reviewed pull requests : https://github.com[#27], https://github.com[#31], https://github.com[#107]
** Created the trailer for our project release.

== Contributions to the User Guide

|===
|_Given below are the sections that I have contributed to the User Guide. They showcase my ability to write documentation targeting end-users._
|===

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=addmedicine]
include::../Userguide.adoc[tag=findmedicine]
include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=checkstock]

== Contributions to the Developer Guide

|===
|_Given below are the sections that I have contributed to the Developer Guide. They showcase my ability to write technical documentation and the technical depth of my contributions to the project._
|===

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=medicine]
