docs/team/truongthanh2606.adoc, before:

= Truong Thanh - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== PROJECT: Anakin

---

== Overview
Anakin is a desktop  application built to help people memorize things better by providing
digital flash cards.
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX.
It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

== Summary of contributions

* *Code contributed:* https://nus-cs2103-ay1819s1.github.io/cs2103-dashboard/#=undefined&search=truongthanh2606[GitHub]

* *Major enhancements:*
** *Re-design and implement the model component*

*** What can the new model do:

**** Allows Anakin to have a list of decks, each deck contains a card list with questions and answers.
**** Allows UI to observe both the deck list and card list so that it can update its deck panel and
card panel when these lists are modified (executing commands).
**** Allows Logic component to execute its set of commands by providing a Model interface,
which can support the logic of those operations.

*** Justification:
The new model component determines how objects like deck and card interacts with each other and
 manipulate the state of the application.

** *Implement `find` command*

*** What can `find` command do:
**** Search for decks by name if user is under the home directory.
**** Search for cards by question if user is inside a deck.

*** Justification: This allows user to locate the deck or card that contains specific keywords
 quickly.

* *Minor enhancements:*

** *Add messages to `undo` and `redo` commands*

*** What is the new messages: The `undo` and `redo` messages will show which command has
just been `undo`, or `redo`.
*** Justification: This provides user more transparent view of the commands being executed.

** *Implement `sort` command*

*** What can `sort` command do:
**** Sort the current deck list in lexicographical order.
**** Sort the current card list in lexicographical order if user is inside a deck.

*** Justification: This allows user to manage their data better and to find
 deck or card easily.

 ** *Implement `newdeck` command*


* *Other contributions*:

** Wrote tests for model component
(Pull requests https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/130[#130])
** Wrote additional classes for test util
(Pull requests https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/122/files[#122])

** Enhancements to existing features:
*** Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 79.5% to 84%
(Pull request https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/192[#192])
** Documentation:
*** Update developer guide (Pull request https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/91[#91],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/195[#195],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/199[#199])
*** Update user guide (Pull request https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/164[#164],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/195[#195])

** Community:
*** PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/165[#165],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/189[#189]
*** Reported bugs and suggestions in the issue tracker of the project
(Issues:  https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/161[#161],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/162[#162] fixed by PR https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/171[#171],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/163[#163],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/191[#191],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/193[#193],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/219[#219] fixed by PR
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/243[#243])
*** Resolved issues suggested by other team members and other groups in the issue tracker of the project
(Pull request: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/156[#156],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/164[#164],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/209[#209] resolved issue https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/203[#203],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/218[#218] resolved issue
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/211[#211],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/212[#212],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/213[#213],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/214[#214],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/217[#217])



== Contributions to the User Guide

|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the User Guide. They showcase my ability to write documentation targeting end-users._
|===

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=newdeck]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=sort]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=rank]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=find]


== Contributions to the Developer Guide

|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the Developer Guide. They showcase my ability to write technical documentation and the technical depth of my contributions to the project._
|===

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=modelcomponent]

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=cardleveloperation]

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=handleinvalidcommands]

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=keepcardspanelupdatedbyui]

Commit message:

Resolve issue #228 #249 (#258)
* Update user guide, project portfolio

* Resolve issue #228 #249

Commit Anakin after the `endreview` command instead of after each `classify`

* Update user guide and project portfolio

* Add logging info

docs/team/truongthanh2606.adoc, after:

= Truong Thanh - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== PROJECT: Anakin

---

== Overview
This project was completed during August 2018 to November 2018 as part of a Software Engineering module (CS2103T) in
the National University of Singapore. The team comprises Tay Yu Jia, Joel Lee, Foo Guo Wei, David Goh and Nguyen
Trong Truong Thanh.

== Summary of contributions

* *Code contributed:* https://nus-cs2103-ay1819s1.github.io/cs2103-dashboard/#=undefined&search=truongthanh2606[GitHub]

* *Major enhancements:*
** *Re-design and implement the model component*

*** What can the new model do:

**** Allows Anakin to have a list of decks, each deck contains a card list with questions and answers.
**** Allows UI to observe both the deck list and card list so that it can update its deck panel and
card panel when these lists are modified (executing commands).
**** Allows Logic component to execute its set of commands by providing a Model interface,
which can support the logic of those operations.

*** Justification:
The new model component determines how objects like deck and card interacts with each other and
 manipulate the state of the application.

** *Implement `find` command*

*** What can `find` command do:
**** Search for decks by name if user is under the home directory.
**** Search for cards by question if user is inside a deck.

*** Justification: This allows user to locate the deck or card that contains specific keywords
 quickly.

* *Minor enhancements:*

** *Add messages to `undo` and `redo` commands*

*** What is the new messages: The `undo` and `redo` messages will show which command has
just been `undo`, or `redo`.
*** Justification: This provides user more transparent view of the commands being executed.

** *Implement `sort` command*

*** What can `sort` command do:
**** Sort the current deck list in lexicographical order.
**** Sort the current card list in lexicographical order if user is inside a deck.

*** Justification: This allows user to manage their data better and to find
 deck or card easily.

 ** *Implement `newdeck` command*


* *Other contributions*:

** Wrote tests for model component
(Pull requests https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/130[#130])

** Enhancement to existing features:
*** Wrote additional classes for test util
(Pull requests https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/122/files[#122])
*** Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 79.5% to 84%
(Pull request https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/192[#192])
** Documentation:
*** Update developer guide (Pull request https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/91[#91],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/195[#195],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/199[#199])
*** Update user guide (Pull request https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/164[#164],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/195[#195])

** Community:
*** PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/165[#165],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/189[#189]
*** Reported bugs and suggestions in the issue tracker of the project
(Issues:  https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/161[#161],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/162[#162] fixed by PR https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/171[#171],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/163[#163],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/191[#191],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/193[#193],
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/219[#219] fixed by PR
 https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/243[#243])
*** Resolved issues suggested by other team members and other groups in the issue tracker of the project
(Pull request: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/156[#156],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/164[#164] resolved issue https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/161[#161],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/209[#209] resolved issue https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/203[#203],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/218[#218] resolved issue
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/211[#211],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/212[#212],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/213[#213],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/214[#214],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/217[#217],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/pull/258[#258] resolved issue
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/228[#228],
https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main/issues/249[#249])



== Contributions to the User Guide

|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the User Guide. They showcase my ability to write documentation targeting end-users._
|===

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=newdeck]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=sort]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=rank]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=find]


== Contributions to the Developer Guide

|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the Developer Guide. They showcase my ability to write technical documentation and the technical depth of my contributions to the project._
|===

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=modelcomponent]

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=cardleveloperation]

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=handleinvalidcommands]

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=keepcardspanelupdatedbyui]
