docs/UserGuide.adoc, before:

= TheTracker - User Guide
:site-section: UserGuide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:xrefstyle: full
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level4

By: `Team W10-01`      Since: `Aug 2018`      Licence: `MIT`

== Introduction

TheTracker is for NUS students who *prefer to use a desktop app for managing contacts, events or modules*. More importantly, TheTracker is *optimized for those who prefer to work with a Command Line Interface* (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, TheTracker can get your contact management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps whilst being able to keep track with your friends! Interested? Jump to the <<Quick Start>> to get started. Enjoy!

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `9` or later installed in your Computer.
.  Download the latest `addressbook.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for your Address Book.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+

image::UI_v1.3_Persons.png[width="790"]
image::UI_v1.3_Modules.png[width="790"]
image::UI_v1.3_Occasions.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* `listmodules` : lists all modules
* `addperson n/John Doe t/98765432 t/johnd@example.com t/John street, block 123, #01-01` : adds a contact named `John Doe` to the Address Book.
* `deleteoccasion 2` : deletes the 2nd entry in your occasion list
* `exit` : exits the app

.  Refer to <<Features>> for details of each command.

[[Features]]
== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Commands with `[]` after them will include either `person`,`module` or `occasion` e.g. `add[]` refers to `addperson`, `addmodule` or `addoccasion`.
* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `n/NAME [t/VALUE]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.
====

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

// tag::add[]
=== Adding an entry: `add`

[TIP]
A person, module or an occasion can have any number of tags (including 0) and in no particular order. +

==== Adding a person: `addperson`
Adds a person to TheTracker. +

Format: +
`addperson n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL_ADDRESS a/HOME_ADDRESS [t/TAG]...`

Example:

* `addperson n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/friends t/owesMoney` +


==== Adding a module: `addmodule`

Adds a module to TheTracker. +

Format: +
`addmodule mc/MODULE_CODE mt/MODULE_TITLE ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR sem/SEMESTER [t/TAG]...` +

Example:

* `addmodule mc/CS2103 mt/SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ay/AY1718 sem/1 t/gg` +

==== Adding an occasion: `addoccasion`

Adds an occasion to TheTracker. +

Format: +
`addoccasion on/OCCASION_NAME od/OCCASION_DATE loc/LOCATION [t/TAG]...`


Example:

* `addoccasion on/discussion od/2018-01-01 loc/SoC t/project t/gg`
// end::add[]

// tag::edit[]
=== Editing an entry : `edit`

Edits an existing person, module or occasion in TheTracker. +

==== Editing a person : `editperson`

Edits an existing person in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`editperson INDEX x/VALUE ...`

****
* Edits the person, name of part specified by x - "n | p | e | a | t" followed by the VALUE which is the value of the name, phone number, email, address or tag you want to change to. +
****

==== Editing a module : `editmodule`

Edits an existing module in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`editmodule INDEX x/VALUE ...`

****
* Edits the module, name of part specified by x - "mc | mt | ay | sem | t" followed by the VALUE which is the value of the moduleCode, moduleTitle, academicYear, semester or tag you want to change to. +
****

==== Editing an occasion : `editoccasion`

Edits an existing occasion in TheTracker. +
Format: +
`editoccasion x/VALUE ...`

****
* Edits the occasion, name of part specified by x - "on | od | loc | t" followed by the VALUE which is the value of the occasionName, occasionDate, occasionLocation or tag you want to change to. +
****

Common format:
****
* At least one value to edit must be provided. +
* Existing values will be updated to the input values. +
****

Examples:

* `editPerson 6 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` +
Edits the person of INDEX 6 in TheTracker: edits his phone to 91234567 and email address to johndoe@example.com.
* `editModule 1 mc/CS1101S` +
Edits the module of INDEX 1 in TheTracker: edits the moduleCode to CS1101S.
* `editOccasion 7 on/Barbecue od/2019-6-17 loc/NUS` +
Edits the occasion of INDEX 7 in TheTracker: edits the occasionName to Barbecue, edits the occasionDate to 2019-6-17,
 edits the occasionLocation to NUS.
// end::edit[]

// tag::find[]
=== Locating entries: `find`

==== Finding a person: `findperson`
Finds a person in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`findperson n/NAME`, `findperson p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `findperson e/EMAIL_ADDRESS`, `findperson a/ADDRESS`

Example:

* `findperson n/John Doe`, `findperson p/98765432`, `findperson e/johnd@example.com`,
 `findperson a/Clementi` +


==== Finding a module: `findmodule`

Finds a module in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`findmodule mc/MODULE_CODE`, `findmodule mt/MODULE_TITLE`, `findmodule ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR`,
 `findmodule sem/SEMESTER` +

Example:

* `findmodule mc/CS2103`, `findmodule mt/SOFTWARE`, `findmodule ay/AY1718`, `findmodule sem/1` +

==== Finding an occasion: `findoccasion`

Finds an occasion in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`findoccasion on/OCCASION_NAME`, `findoccasion od/OCCASION_DATE`, `findoccasion loc/LOCATION`


Example:

* `findoccasion on/discussion`, `findoccasion od/2018-01-01`, `findoccasion loc/SoC`

// end:find[]

// tag::delete[]
=== Deleting an entry : `delete`

Deletes the specified person, module or occasion in TheTracker.

==== Deleting a person : `deleteperson`

Format: +
`deleteperson INDEX`

Examples:

* `deleteperson 2` +
Deletes the 2nd person. +

==== Deleting a module : `deleteModule`

Format: +
`deletemodule INDEX`

Examples:

* `deletemodule 1` +
Deletes the 1st module. +

==== Deleting an occasion : `deleteOccasion`

Format: +
`deleteoccasion INDEX`

Examples:

* `deleteoccasion 5` +
Deletes the 5th occasion.
// end::delete[]


// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command : `undo`

A command to allow the user to undo previous commands. +

Command Syntax: +
`undo`: +
This command will undo the user’s previous command. +
`undo [number]`: +
The number of commands you want to undo.
This command will undo a certain number of commands. The number should be at least 1. If the number exceeds the number of operations that has been done, the application will undo all the previous operations.

[NOTE]
====
Undoable commands: those commands that modify the address book's content (`add`, `delete`, `edit` and `clear`).
====

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`list` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

* `select 1` +
`list` +
`undo` +
The `undo` command fails as there are no undoable commands executed previously. +

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo 2` (reverses the `clear` command and the `delete 1` command) +

=== Redoing the previously undone command : `redo`

A command to allow the user to redo previously undone commands. +

Command Syntax:
`redo`:  +
This command will redo the user’s previous undone command. +
`redo [number]`: +
The number of undone commands you want to redo.
This command will redo a certain number of undone commands. The number should be at least 1. If the number exceeds the number of operations that has been undone, the application will redo all the previous operations that have been undone.

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +

* `delete 1` +
`redo` +
The `redo` command fails as there are no `undo` commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo 2` (reapplies the `delete 1` command and the `clear` command) +
// end::undoredo[]

=== Grouping content together by tag: `group` (coming in v 2.0)
A command to allow the user to group students under a certain group tag. +
Command Syntax: +
`group [group_name] [keyword]`: +
group_name: The name of this group of people. +
keyword: n/NAME The name of the person you want to put in this group.
                  i/INDEX The index of the person you want to put in this group.

=== Listing all entries of this kind: `list`
Format: +
* *List Person* : `listperson`
* *List Module* : `listmodule`
* *List Occasion* : `listoccasion`

// tag::history
=== Showing command history: `history`
A command to allow the user to see the history of commands used within the address book.+
Format: `history`
// end::history

=== Autocomplete (coming in v 1.4)
A feature that gives a list of potential matches based on substrings of a result that a user types into any other command.

// tag::export[]
=== Exporting data in this application (coming in v 1.4)
Format: `export FILEPATH`

// end::export[]
=== Importing module information from external platform: `importmodule` (coming in v 2.0)
A command to allow the user to import information from NUSMods.+

Format: `importmodule [modulecode]` +
If the specified module in the current semester is not found, it will be imported with information extracted from NUSMods.

=== Exiting the program : `exit`
Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

Address book data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

=== Autocomplete (coming in v 1.4)
A feature that gives a list of potential matches based on substrings of a result that a user types into any other command.

=== Import module information from external platform: `importmodule` (coming in v 2.0)
A command to allow the user to import information from NUSMods.+

Command Syntax: `importmodule [modulecode]` +
If the specified module in the current semester is not found, it will be imported with information extracted from NUSMods.


== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Address Book folder.

== Command Summary

* *Add Person* `addperson n/NAME p/PHONE e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `addperson n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/friends t/owesMoney`

* *Add Module* `mc/MODULE_CODE mt/MODULE_TITLE ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR sem/SEMESTER[t/TAG]...` +
e.g. ` addmodule mc/CS2103 mt/SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ay/1718 sem/1 t/gg `

* *Add Occasion* `on/OCCASION_NAME od/OCCASION_DATE loc/LOCATION [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. ` addoccasion addoccasion on/discussion od/2018-01-01 loc/SoC t/project t/gg `

* *Clear* : `clear`

* *Delete Person* : `deleteperson INDEX` +
e.g. `deleteperson 6`

* *Delete Module* : `deletemodule INDEX` +
e.g. `deletemodule 1`

* *Delete Occasion* : `deleteoccasion INDEX` +
e.g. `deleteoccasion 7`

* *Edit Person* : `editperson INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `editperson 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com`

* *Edit Module* : `editmodule INDEX [mc/MODULE CODE] [mt/MODULE TITLE] [ay/ACADEMIC YEAR] [sem/SEMESTER] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `editmodule 1 mc/CS1101S `

* *Edit Occasion* :  `INDEX [on/OCCASION NAME] [od/OCCASION DATE] [loc/OCCASION LOCATION] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `editoccasion 1 on/Barbecue od/2019-6-17 loc/NUS`

* *Find Person* : `findperson n/NAME`, `findperson p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `findperson e/EMAIL_ADDRESS`, `findperson a/ADDRESS` +
e.g. `findperson n/John Doe`, `findperson p/98765432`, `findperson e/johnd@example.com`,
 `findperson a/Clementi` +

* *Find Module* :  `findmodule mc/MODULE_CODE`, `findmodule mt/MODULE_TITLE`, `findmodule ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR`,
  `findmodule sem/SEMESTER` +
 e.g. `findmodule mc/CS2103`, `findmodule mt/SOFTWARE`, `findmodule ay/AY1718`, `findmodule sem/1` +

* *Find Occasion* : `findoccasion on/OCCASION_NAME`, `findoccasion od/OCCASION_DATE`, `findoccasion loc/LOCATION` +
e.g. `findoccasion on/discussion`, `findoccasion od/2018-01-01`, `findoccasion loc/SoC`

* *List Person* : `listperson`
* *List Module* : `listmodule`
* *List Occasion* : `listoccasion`
* *Help* : `help`
* *History* : `history`
* *Undo* : `undo [NUMBER]` +
e.g. `undo 1`
* *Redo* : `redo [NUMBER]` +
e.g. `redo 1`

Commit message:

update user guide; change helpwindow.adoc to helpwindow.html

docs/UserGuide.adoc, after:

= TheTracker - User Guide
:site-section: UserGuide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:xrefstyle: full
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level4

By: `Team W10-01`      Since: `Aug 2018`      Licence: `MIT`

== Introduction

TheTracker is for NUS students who *prefer to use a desktop app for managing contacts, events or modules*. More importantly, TheTracker is *optimized for those who prefer to work with a Command Line Interface* (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, TheTracker can get your contact management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps whilst being able to keep track with your friends! Interested? Jump to the <<Quick Start>> to get started. Enjoy!

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `9` or later installed in your Computer.
.  Download the latest `addressbook.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for your Address Book.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+

image::UI_v1.3_Persons.png[width="790"]
image::UI_v1.3_Modules.png[width="790"]
image::UI_v1.3_Occasions.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* `listmodules` : lists all modules
* `addperson n/John Doe t/98765432 t/johnd@example.com t/John street, block 123, #01-01` : adds a contact named `John Doe` to the Address Book.
* `deleteoccasion 2` : deletes the 2nd entry in your occasion list
* `exit` : exits the app

.  Refer to <<Features>> for details of each command.

[[Features]]
== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Commands with `[]` after them will include either `person`,`module` or `occasion` e.g. `add[]` refers to `addperson`, `addmodule` or `addoccasion`.
* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `n/NAME [t/VALUE]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.
====

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

// tag::add[]
=== Adding an entry: `add`

[TIP]
A person, module or an occasion can have any number of tags (including 0) and in no particular order. +

==== Adding a person: `addperson`
Adds a person to TheTracker. +

Format: +
`addperson n/NAME[NON-OPTIONAL] p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL_ADDRESS a/HOME_ADDRESS [t/TAG]...`

====
*Command Format*

* Persons with the same name and at least one same identity field (phone number or email) are considered to be the same person.
* Name must be specified to create a person contact.
* By default, Phone number, email address, home address an tag are empty.
====

Example:

* `addperson n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/friends t/owesMoney` +


==== Adding a module: `addmodule`

Adds a module to TheTracker. +

Format: +
`addmodule mc/MODULE_CODE[NON_OPTIONAL] mt/MODULE_TITLE ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR sem/SEMESTER [t/TAG]...` +

====
*Command Format*

* Module with the same code, academic year and semester are considered to be the same module.
* ModuleCode must be specified to create a module.
* By default, Academic Year, ModuleTitle, Semester and Tag are empty strings.
* Valid semester number is 1-4. (3 and 4 refers to special semester).
====

Example:

* `addmodule mc/CS2103 mt/SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ay/1718 sem/1 t/gg` +

==== Adding an occasion: `addoccasion`

Adds an occasion to TheTracker. +

Format: +
`addoccasion on/OCCASION_NAME od/OCCASION_DATE loc/LOCATION [t/TAG]...`

====
*Command Format*

* Occasion with the same name and date are considered to be the same occasion.
* OccasionName must be specified to create an occasion. The length of Occasion Name should be restricted between 3 - 30.
* By default, Occasion date, Occasion location and Tag are empty.
====

Example:

* `addoccasion on/discussion od/2018-01-01 loc/SoC t/project t/gg`
// end::add[]

// tag::edit[]
=== Editing an entry : `edit`

Edits an existing person, module or occasion in TheTracker. +

==== Editing a person : `editperson`

Edits an existing person in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`editperson INDEX x/VALUE ...`

****
* Edits the person, name of part specified by x - "n | p | e | a | t" followed by the VALUE which is the value of the name, phone number, email, address or tag you want to change to. +
****

==== Editing a module : `editmodule`

Edits an existing module in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`editmodule INDEX x/VALUE ...`

****
* Edits the module, name of part specified by x - "mc | mt | ay | sem | t" followed by the VALUE which is the value of the moduleCode, moduleTitle, academicYear, semester or tag you want to change to. +
****

==== Editing an occasion : `editoccasion`

Edits an existing occasion in TheTracker. +
Format: +
`editoccasion x/VALUE ...`

****
* Edits the occasion, name of part specified by x - "on | od | loc | t" followed by the VALUE which is the value of the occasionName, occasionDate, occasionLocation or tag you want to change to. +
****

Common format:
****
* At least one value to edit must be provided. +
* Existing values will be updated to the input values. +
****

Examples:

* `editPerson 6 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` +
Edits the person of INDEX 6 in TheTracker: edits his phone to 91234567 and email address to johndoe@example.com.
* `editModule 1 mc/CS1101S` +
Edits the module of INDEX 1 in TheTracker: edits the moduleCode to CS1101S.
* `editOccasion 7 on/Barbecue od/2019-6-17 loc/NUS` +
Edits the occasion of INDEX 7 in TheTracker: edits the occasionName to Barbecue, edits the occasionDate to 2019-6-17,
 edits the occasionLocation to NUS.
// end::edit[]

// tag::find[]
=== Locating entries: `find`

==== Finding a person: `findperson`
Finds a person in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`findperson n/NAME`, `findperson p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `findperson e/EMAIL_ADDRESS`, `findperson a/ADDRESS`

Example:

* `findperson n/John Doe`, `findperson p/98765432`, `findperson e/johnd@example.com`,
 `findperson a/Clementi` +


==== Finding a module: `findmodule`

Finds a module in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`findmodule mc/MODULE_CODE`, `findmodule mt/MODULE_TITLE`, `findmodule ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR`,
 `findmodule sem/SEMESTER` +

Example:

* `findmodule mc/CS2103`, `findmodule mt/SOFTWARE`, `findmodule ay/AY1718`, `findmodule sem/1` +

==== Finding an occasion: `findoccasion`

Finds an occasion in TheTracker. +

Format: +
`findoccasion on/OCCASION_NAME`, `findoccasion od/OCCASION_DATE`, `findoccasion loc/LOCATION`


Example:

* `findoccasion on/discussion`, `findoccasion od/2018-01-01`, `findoccasion loc/SoC`

// end:find[]

// tag::delete[]
=== Deleting an entry : `delete`

Deletes the specified person, module or occasion in TheTracker.

==== Deleting a person : `deleteperson`

Format: +
`deleteperson INDEX`

Examples:

* `deleteperson 2` +
Deletes the 2nd person. +

==== Deleting a module : `deleteModule`

Format: +
`deletemodule INDEX`

Examples:

* `deletemodule 1` +
Deletes the 1st module. +

==== Deleting an occasion : `deleteOccasion`

Format: +
`deleteoccasion INDEX`

Examples:

* `deleteoccasion 5` +
Deletes the 5th occasion.
// end::delete[]


// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command : `undo`

A command to allow the user to undo previous commands. +

Command Syntax: +
`undo`: +
This command will undo the user’s previous command. +

[NOTE]
====
Undoable commands: those commands that modify the address book's content (`add`, `delete`, `edit` and `clear`).
====

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`list` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

* `select 1` +
`list` +
`undo` +
The `undo` command fails as there are no undoable commands executed previously. +

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +

=== Redoing the previously undone command : `redo`

A command to allow the user to redo previously undone commands. +

Command Syntax:
`redo`:  +
This command will redo the user’s previous undone command. +
`redo [number]`: +
The number of undone commands you want to redo.
This command will redo a certain number of undone commands. The number should be at least 1. If the number exceeds the number of operations that has been undone, the application will redo all the previous operations that have been undone.

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +

* `delete 1` +
`redo` +
The `redo` command fails as there are no `undo` commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
// end::undoredo[]

=== Listing all entries of this kind: `list`
Format: +
* *List Person* : `listperson`
* *List Module* : `listmodule`
* *List Occasion* : `listoccasion`

// tag::history
=== Showing command history: `history`
A command to allow the user to see the history of commands used within the address book.+
Format: `history`
// end::history

=== Autocomplete (coming in v 1.4)
A feature that gives a list of potential matches based on substrings of a result that a user types into any other command.

// tag::export[]
=== Exporting data from this application (coming in v 1.4)
Format: `export FILEPATH`

// end::export[]
=== Importing module information from external platform: `importmodule` (coming in v 2.0)
A command to allow the user to import information from NUSMods.+

Format: `importmodule [modulecode]` +
If the specified module in the current semester is not found, it will be imported with information extracted from NUSMods.

=== Exiting the program : `exit`
Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

Address book data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

=== Autocomplete (coming in v 1.4)
A feature that gives a list of potential matches based on substrings of a result that a user types into any other command.

=== Import module information from external platform: `importmodule` (coming in v 2.0)
A command to allow the user to import information from NUSMods.+

Command Syntax: `importmodule [modulecode]` +
If the specified module in the current semester is not found, it will be imported with information extracted from NUSMods.


== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Address Book folder.

== Command Summary

* *Add Person* `addperson n/NAME p/PHONE e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `addperson n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/friends t/owesMoney`

* *Add Module* `mc/MODULE_CODE mt/MODULE_TITLE ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR sem/SEMESTER[t/TAG]...` +
e.g. ` addmodule mc/CS2103 mt/SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ay/1718 sem/1 t/gg `

* *Add Occasion* `on/OCCASION_NAME od/OCCASION_DATE loc/LOCATION [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. ` addoccasion addoccasion on/discussion od/2018-01-01 loc/SoC t/project t/gg `

* *Clear* : `clear`

* *Delete Person* : `deleteperson INDEX` +
e.g. `deleteperson 6`

* *Delete Module* : `deletemodule INDEX` +
e.g. `deletemodule 1`

* *Delete Occasion* : `deleteoccasion INDEX` +
e.g. `deleteoccasion 7`

* *Edit Person* : `editperson INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `editperson 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com`

* *Edit Module* : `editmodule INDEX [mc/MODULE CODE] [mt/MODULE TITLE] [ay/ACADEMIC YEAR] [sem/SEMESTER] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `editmodule 1 mc/CS1101S `

* *Edit Occasion* :  `INDEX [on/OCCASION NAME] [od/OCCASION DATE] [loc/OCCASION LOCATION] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `editoccasion 1 on/Barbecue od/2019-6-17 loc/NUS`

* *Find Person* : `findperson n/NAME`, `findperson p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `findperson e/EMAIL_ADDRESS`, `findperson a/ADDRESS` +
e.g. `findperson n/John Doe`, `findperson p/98765432`, `findperson e/johnd@example.com`,
 `findperson a/Clementi` +

* *Find Module* :  `findmodule mc/MODULE_CODE`, `findmodule mt/MODULE_TITLE`, `findmodule ay/ACADEMIC_YEAR`,
  `findmodule sem/SEMESTER` +
 e.g. `findmodule mc/CS2103`, `findmodule mt/SOFTWARE`, `findmodule ay/AY1718`, `findmodule sem/1` +

* *Find Occasion* : `findoccasion on/OCCASION_NAME`, `findoccasion od/OCCASION_DATE`, `findoccasion loc/LOCATION` +
e.g. `findoccasion on/discussion`, `findoccasion od/2018-01-01`, `findoccasion loc/SoC`

* *List Person* : `listperson`
* *List Module* : `listmodule`
* *List Occasion* : `listoccasion`
* *Help* : `help`
* *History* : `history`
* *Undo* : `undo [NUMBER]` +
e.g. `undo 1`
* *Redo* : `redo [NUMBER]` +
e.g. `redo 1`
